imported#importado
importer#importador
importunate#importuno
impose#imponer
imposing#imponente , impuso
imposition#imposición
impossible#imposible
impostor#impostor
impotence#impotencia
impotent#impotente
impound#confiscar , embargar , incautar
impoverish#empobrecer
impoverishment#empobrecimiento
impractical#poco práctico
imprecate#imprecar
imprecise#inexacto
impregnate#impregnar
impregnation#impregnación
impresario#empresario
impress#impresionar
impression#impresionada , impresión
impressionable#impresionable
impressionist#impresionista
impressive#impresionante
imprimatur#imprimátur
imprint#grabar
imprinter#impresora
imprison#encarcelar
imprisonment#arresto , encarcelamiento
improbable#improbable
impromptu#improvisado
improper#impropio , inadecuado
impropriety#incorreción
improve#mejorar
improvement#mejoramiento
improvisation#improvisación
improvise#improvisar
impudence#procacidad
impudent#impudente
impugn#redargüir
impulse#estímulo , impulso , instinto
impulsive#impulsivo
impunity#impunidad
impurity#impureza
impute#achacar
in agreement#de acuerdo
in#dentro , dentro de , en
inaccessible#inaccesible
inaccuracy#inexactitud
inaccurate#inexacto
inactive#inactivo , lánguido
inadequacy#insuficiencia
inadequate#inadecuado
inadmissible#inadmisible
inadvertence#inadvertencia
inadvertent#inadvertido
inalienable#inajenable
inalterable#inalterable
inane#vacío
inanimate#inanimado
inanity#vaciedad
inappropriate#impropio
inarticulate#inarticulado
inaugural#inaugural
inaugurate#inaugurar
inauguration#inauguración
inborn#innato
inbred#innato
incandescence#incandescencia
incandescent#incandescente
incapable#incapaz
incapacitate#inhabilitar
incapacitation#inhabilitación
incapacity#incapacidad
incarcerate#encarcelar
incarceration#encarcelación
incarnation#encarnación
incendiary#incendiario
incense#incienso
incentive#incentivo , móvil
inception#inicio
incessant#incesante
incest#incesto
incestuous#incestuoso
inch#avanzar , pulgada
incidence#incidencia
incident#incidencia , incidente
incidental#imprevisto , incidente
incinerate#encender , incinerar
incinerator#incinerador
incipient#incipiente
incision#incisión
incisive#incisivo
incite#aguijar , aguijonear , espolear , incitar , instigar
inclement#inclemente
inclination#inclinación , tentación
incline#declive , inclinación , inclinar
inclined#dispuesto , inclinado
include#comprender , incluida , incluir
included#comprendido , incluidas
