interpose#interponer
interpret#interpretar , interpreter
interpretation#interpretación
interpreter#interprete , intérprete
interpretive#interpretivo
interrelationship#interrelación
interrogate#interrogar
interrogation#interrogación , interrogatorio
interrogative#interrogativo
interrupt#interrumpir
interruption#interrupción
intersection#intersección
interstate#interestadal
interstellar#interestelar
interval#intervalo
intervene#intervenir , mediar
intervention#intervención
interview#entrevista , entrevistar
interviewee#entrevistado
interviewer#entrevistador
interweave#entretejer
intestate#intestado
intestinal#intestinal
intestine#intestino
intestines#intestinos
intimacy#intimidad
intimate#cómodo , íntimo
intimidate#acoquinar , intimidar
intimidation#intimidación
into#adentro , dentro de , en , por
intolerable#inaguantable , insoportable
intonation#entonación
intone#entonar
intoxicate#embriagar
intoxicated#borrachol , ebrio , embriagado
intoxication#embriaguez
intractable#intratable
intransigence#intransigencia
intransitive#intransitivo
intravenous#intravenoso
intricacy#embrollo
intricate#intrincado
intrigue#intriga , intrigar
intrinsic#intrínseco
introdce#innovar
introduce#introducir , presentar
introduction#introducción , presentación
introductory#introductorio
introspection#introspección
introspective#introspectivo
introvert#introvertido
intrude#entremeter
intruder#entremetido
intrusion#entremetimiento
intrusive#intruso
intuit#intuya
intuition#intuición
intuitive#intuitivo
inundate#anegar , inundar
inundation#inundación
invade#invadir
invader#invasor
invalid#inválido , nulo
invalidate#invalidar
invalidation#invalidación
invaluable#inapreciable
invariable#invariable
invasion#invasión , irrupción
invective#invectiva
invent#fabricar , inventar
invention#invención
inventive#inventivo
inventor#inventor
inventory#inventario
inverse#inverso
inversion#inversión
invert#invertir
invertebrate#invertebrado
invest#colocar , invertir
investigate#averiguar , investigar
investigation#encuesta , examen , investigación
investigative#investigador
investigator#investigador
investiture#investidura
investment#inversion , inversión
investor#inversionista , inversor
inveterate#inveterado
invincible#invencible
inviolable#inviolable
inviolate#intacto
invisible#invisible
invitation#invitacion , invitación
invite#convidar , invitar
invocation#invocación
invoice#cuenta , factura , facturar
invoke#invocar
involuntary#involuntario
involve#embarcar , envolver , involucrar
involved#implicado
involvement#involucración
